Didn't you promise Yoyo?
Are you going to the kindergarten for the auction?
Wow, the customer is suddenly in a hurry.
I've already told Yoyo
Make it up to him next time.
Mr. Gu is here, waiting for you.
This Uncle Wei is really unreliable
Promise me to come and then let go of the dove
It doesn't matter, Uncle Wei is not coming.
There will be many uncles coming
They all like Yoyo's works
Oh, dear.
Moon mother
I think you may have misunderstood.
Is the kindergarten holding an auction?
Ostensibly, it's for children to show off their talents
Actually?
It is for parents to show their strength
Look at the wood carving of Hainan Huanghuali
Look at that pure gold ornament
Top jadeite pen holder, take a look at your home Yoyo
Just a picture I painted myself
I don't know how embarrassing it will be
Hum nian mother
Don't you say it?
I had no idea these ugly things were so valuable!
Just remember that ornament
You startled me.
I don't know, I thought it was some kind of Baba
hum